Israel's right-wing Channel 14 an
acknowledgement that relations between
the Netanyahu Biden government are very
strained also a justification for the
intensity of Israel's bombardment of
Gaza the center right News website waa
wrote the Biden Administration has been
pressuring Israel for several days to
significantly increase the scope of
humanitarian Aid to the Gaza Strip the
fact that Israel needs backing and
support from the US for a ground
operation in the southern Gaza Strip
makes it very difficult for the
government to ignore the American
request Israeli State broadcaster Khan
broke the story of a closed door meeting
between Netanyahu and members of the
knesset where the Prime Minister
reportedly said not only will there not
be a renewed Palestinian Authority in
Gaza after the war there will also be no
Palestinian Authority in Gaza at all
Khan reminded readers of US President
Joe Biden's oped in the Washington Post
last month in which he wrote that after
the war in Gaza the Palestinian
Authority should be the governing body
there the disconnect and disagreement
between the US and Israel on post-war
plans for Gaza look to be
widening make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz
zero